[Music]
[Applause]
ten signs you're in a toxic relationship
society has taught us to depend
emotionally on our partner but in fact a
stable relationship is about giving
space and respecting each other well
love is blind and we often ignore the
signs that our relationship is becoming
harmful if you identify with all of the
following warning signs it's time to
rethink your relationship and probably
start another one
number 10 they don't let you hang out
with your friends you barely see your
friends and when you do you'll always
bring your partner along if this sounds
familiar it could be a warning sign you
have to understand that sometimes a
relationship needs space to grow so you
and your partner should give each other
space so that you don't drown in the
relationship spending a lot of time
together is like an addiction and it's
common in the beginning we should not
try to stifle the relationship from the
start otherwise it will turn into a
martyrdom number nine they control your
wallet Trust is essential but you always
have to put yourself first what if the
relationship ends and your partner has
been managing your money what would you
live on keep in mind that economic
violence is a form of domination of
course it's normal for a couple to share
expenses and goods a solution is to
combine some of your income into a
single pie but you also need your own
share number eight they go through your
phone we all know that going through
each other's phones and emails is not a
good idea it's not proof of love at all
it's an invasion of privacy and a sign
of an unhealthy relationship this kind
of controlling behavior can isolate
partners and even lead to domestic abuse
you have to learn to trust each other
because Trust is what healthy
relationships are built on
number seven they tell you how to dress
your partner doesn't like the way you
dress it's not up to them to decide to
have stability in a relationship you
must start by loving and respecting
yourself you dress for yourself not for
others developing your sense of
self-confidence may be difficult but
it's essential for a healthy
relationship wear whatever you want and
always trust your taste number six they
get angry when you don't answer the
phone right away if you feel that this
attitude is not harmful remember that a
relationship should give you peace of
mind not negative feelings if you
tremble with fear every time you see a
missed call from your partner something
is going wrong it seems your partner
wants to control your every single step
and it doesn't sound like a healthy
relationship right number five they are
jealous of your best friend
jealousy is a disease it's true that
sometimes we make jokes about it but
when the jokes become serious it's
better to flee if your partner doesn't
trust you your relationship will never
be stable Trust is the strongest pillar
in any relationship number four you're
afraid to say what's on your mind to
love is to be happy not to be afraid
your partner should be someone you can
confide in not someone you are afraid to
talk to don't be afraid to say what you
think and have respect for their
differing point of view in the end
having different opinions brings
richness and diversity to the
relationship number three they insult
you does your partner repeatedly
criticized and insult you has it become
a common situation well you shouldn't
allow him or her to do it set rules for
yourself like never to insult your
partner if they insult you do not fall
for that game you're better than that
there are limits that once crossed there
is no turning back
number two your friends have tried to
warn you if so listen to them is often
difficult to look at a situation
objectively what our family or friends
may have a better view from a different
angle if they notice that you're often
sad quiet or distracted they are
probably seeing a problem that you
refuse to see number one they don't care
about your plans or hobbies at all
this is one of the most obvious signs if
your partner doesn't pay attention to
the things you love it means he or she
doesn't pay enough attention to you of
course they don't have to follow you
everywhere and start loving everything
you do but at least they can try to
understand what matters to you they will
listen to you talking about your hobbies
plans and blue dreams very carefully and
they will never judge you for anything a
healthy relationship is composed of many
things including safety support and
mutual respect you must understand that
jealousy is not a sign of love learn to
respect yourself and realize what you
deserve as all your relationships are a
mirror of your inner love so what do you
think a healthy relationship is share
your thoughts in the comments below
don't forget to hit the like button
below the video and click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life